hi friends from youtube good this is a
new video tutorial that will deal with
the care and maintenance of
turtles
These are one of the basic tips
you should take your turtle let
have the turtle clean if your turtle is
little
and they have a large aquarium - pretty much
as the one we are showing should
change every day or a day and a half
it is important to have a house of the
turtle well because it's here be very
dirty too much your day is again
its closure can cause illness for
your leak in the eyes
and other types of diseases that could
do too much damage to something else
important advice is feeding
the turtle look how good it is like my
cousin mentioned good feeding
torture is very important to her
you do not have to have a true diet but
that you have to have healthy food does not
we're going to fish those little ones
of three pesos the bag
but well here I have the food that I
I recommend that you call reptile steak
the s babies and it's for the
neighbors all of them by name the
content of this product reptiles tic
baby premium foods for reptiles
youth water content is
28 grams good look here I'm going to
to show
good dimensions this is your food
of the turtle is more or less like that when
here we only throw it into the fish tank
and the turtle is so I do not know what it is
doing but when they give hunger
will eat you should not try to
exceed this is 28 grams is very
bit
it's very little food
Half of the bag arrives here but
I do not know about you
I from my profile that I see it is very
girl the good bag only between
nail
you have to be demanding between 40
or 50
50 food grannies
is what we should throw in three
meals between one of those and if your
turtle is the truth the truth up
Now it 's my first turtle
first turtle is
in a bag of these we end up with
she in a week
to show costs between 8 and 10 in a
food like this one bigger
and this food as I already mentioned 28
grams
of reptile food for ours
little turtle is not what they sell us
for eight pesos the truth I do not know what
country are seeing us good in ecuador
the truth I do not think that a little gringuito
can speak english that our terms
from the USA but from an area of ​​stress
well in my equator more or less are measured
for dollars also the same as in the USA
a survey between more or less a dollar
this piece of food good in
Argentina I do not know what kind of currency
occupy good too
we went to the third step of care and
maintenance of our zamora turtle
Well, look at the size of the fish tank
of hair
Honduras is very well María
extremely large not seeing is going to
eat in one of these
I would recommend you there as a 90 a strip
something a person bigger works but
which will be bigger
the recommendation here is that there is a
tiny about this size
and thus in extremely common amateur 4
Portuguese mass
so they want to make 5 of
preferences that have that big
well this is good that's all for today
vallés for having seen us I hope that you
liked the video and good
you are still voting the truth I know that
It was not the best video you have seen of
this channel but we will try to improve them
and in our tweet to our twitter we
they will leave if you like
recommendations that we can improve
and that we can make a video that
like like anything else 21 something
type of videos I also make videos of
tutorial videos on computer this
because a follower asked me to
twitter for your turtle
good is for alan bautista rodríguez
that he asked me he asked for it and
I was encouraged since my cousin has this
turtle
haha and good as I told you at the beginning
of the video the likes of our tweet to
our facebook will be left below
the description of the video and if you're
watching this video after March 4
from 2013 to the best and we are already in the
2014 but below I will also leave you the
steps to take to care for your turtle
this was a short little video but today
I will get you 15 steps to take care of your
Turtle meals and everything you should
to consume bye